I think that some basic ways that you can stand up for people who are
facing discrimination is to number one. Look at your own behavior and
see in what ways you are supporting that discrimination. Eso This
could be things like, You know, Are you laughing at racial jokes about
these people or this group of people? Are you allowing other people
to tell these jokes in your present and not saying like That's not
funny or that's not appropriate? So are, you know, examine your own
behavior and see if there, anyway, is that you're complicit. Um, in
that Andi, then, you know, speak up. And if people are being inappropriate,
say this is inappropriate. Um, this is not, you know, this
is You shouldn't be saying these things. They're doing these things.
Um, the other thing I think that's really important is Thio instead
of advocating for minority students. And this is particularly true
if you yourself are not a minority student. Um, instead of kind of
grabbing the banner and marching at the front of the parade, I think
you need Thio. Um, be be circumspect and instead look for the leaders
of color who are already leading this parade and essentially followed
there. Direction eso support them. But you're you're not leading
the parade. You are You are You are supporting the people who are
already doing this work.